# February 15th 2023

1:00pm: I arrived in school and started to find for the lost J-Link programmer

2:00pm: I found the programmer and started programmer and crimped the jumper wires from the SH1.0 connector of the STM32 to the Headers of the programmer

2:45pm: I went to Don Donki at Somerset with my senior to grab some lunch

3:45pm: I ate finish lunch and started to program my STM32. But I was unable to as the JLink connector was unable to interface with the STM32
```
Connecting to target via SWD InitTarget() start Can not attach to CPU. Trying connect under reset. Connecting to CPU via connect under reset failed. InitTarget() end
```
bruh this issue again. I checked my Schmatic and saw that all the pins were connected properly

4:15pm: I took Multimeter and started probing all the connections. The STM32 was receving the correct voltages and then i tested the connectivity between the STM32 and the JLink Programmer. Thats when I realised that the Ground Pin was not connected properly

4:40pm: After I recrimped the wire, the output log was still the same error
```
Connecting to target via SWD InitTarget() start Can not attach to CPU. Trying connect under reset. Connecting to CPU via connect under reset failed. InitTarget() end
```
After that i thought of all of the possibilities. I tested connectivity again still ok, I tested the input voltage also ok so was the issue the STM32???

5:30pm: I took a break

6:15pm: I went back to the issue again and resodered a new STM32 🥲🥲🥲

6:50pm: Phew that was a though one trying to find a new STM32. Excuse me??? Its still not working??? I wanted to buy a new pcb and I gave up and went home

9:00pm: I washed up and tested again. I used a UNO to power my 3V3 and took out my USB Hub and programmed the bot via the hub. BRUH WHAT THE FK, the shit works now

9:30pm: Conclusion, my computer COM port is wack so its not the electrical problem but its the COM port bruh but owell the STM32 can program now.

-- Signing Off Vincent Cayadi